Issue #23: Added authentication and authorization documentations (#25)
dotkernel/api-documentation: docs/book/v4/core-features/authorization.md

# Authorization

Authorization is the process by which a system take a validated identity and checks if that identity has access to a
given resource.

DotKernel's APIs implementation of the authorization uses `Mezzio\Authorization\Rbac\LaminasRbac` as a model of
Role-Based Access Control (RBAC)

## How it works

In DotKernel's API each authenticatable entity (admin and users) comes in with their roles table where you can define
roles for each entity. RBAC comes in to ensure that each entity has the appropriate role and permission to access a resource.

> The authorization happens through the middleware in the `Api\App\Middleware\AuthorizationMiddleware`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The authorization happens through the `Api\App\Middleware\AuthorizationMiddleware` middleware.
```

## Configuration

> In DotKernel API make use of `mezzio-authorization-rbac` and upon installation all the configuration is already made

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DotKernel API makes use of `mezzio-authorization-rbac` and upon installation all the configuration is already made
```

in order for the authorization to work.

> The configuration where you define roles and permission is hold on `config/autoload/authorization.global.php`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration file for the role and permission definitions is `config/autoload/authorization.global.php`.
```

```php
'mezzio-authorization-rbac' => [

>         'roles'       => [

Reviewer: Decrease indentation starting for lines 25-53.

            AdminRole::ROLE_SUPERUSER => [],
            AdminRole::ROLE_ADMIN     => [
                AdminRole::ROLE_SUPERUSER,
            ],
            UserRole::ROLE_GUEST      => [
                UserRole::ROLE_USER,
            ],
        ],
        'permissions' => [
            AdminRole::ROLE_SUPERUSER => [],
            AdminRole::ROLE_ADMIN     => [
                'other.routes'
                'admin.list',
                'home'
            ],
            UserRole::ROLE_USER       => [
                'other.routes',
                'user.my-account.update',
                'user.my-account.view',
            ],
            UserRole::ROLE_GUEST      => [
                'other.routes',
                'security.refresh-token',
                'error.report',
                'home',
            ],
        ],
    ],
```

> > You can check [mezzio-authorization-rbac](https://docs.mezzio.dev/mezzio-authorization-rbac/v1/basic-usage/) for more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> See [mezzio-authorization-rbac](https://docs.mezzio.dev/mezzio-authorization-rbac/v1/basic-usage/) for more information.
```

> > in depth

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Usage

Based on the configuration file above, we have 2 admins roles (`superuser`, `admin`) and 2 users roles (`user`, `guest`).

> A role can inherit the roles of their parent:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Roles inherit the permissions from their parents:
```

- `superuser` has no parent
- `admin` has `superuser` as a parent which means `superuser` will inherit `admin` permissions
- `user` has no parent
- `guest` has `user` as a parent which means `user` will inherit `guest` permissions

> For each role we defined an array of permissions. A permission in DotKernel's is basically a route name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each role we defined an array of permissions. A permission in DotKernel API is basically a route name.
```

> As you can see, the `superuser` does not have any permission, because inherit all the permission from `admin`no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see, the `superuser` does not have it's own permissions, because it inherits all the permissions from `admin`, no
```

> need to define permission for him again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
need to define permissions for it unless necessary.
```

> The `user` role, inherit all the permission from `guest` so no need to define that `user` can access `home` route, but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `user` role, inherits all the permission from `guest` so no need to define that `user` can access `home` route, but
```

> `guest` cannot access `user.my-account.view` route.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`guest` cannot access user-specific routes.
```
